I expect to be finally be free from this course. This is actually my nth take because every single time, I would always have to apply for LOA midsemester.
It's a curse, one that Im hoping to get rid of.
While that sounds harsh and indifferent, I actually want to learn a lot from this subject as being a full stack developer is one of the career paths that Im considering taking.
Its in demand, has a high pay grade and most importantly, a high possibility that its a WFH arrangment.
These are my expectations for myself for the course itself.
I dont have much expectations for the exercises, exams or project.
It is what it is.
I just hope that the project or exercises is machine friendly if we were to do it at home as my war machine aka laptop is already on its last legs.
I am telling you, people, it will blue screen if you so much as look at it.
For the professors though,  I got none to be honest.
First of all, within the classroom walls, they are the judge, jury and executioner all at the same time hence its our job as the students to adapt, learn and comply.
while its important to understand that its their job or passion to impart knowledge to us, learning is a two way process and they are still only human therefore the results aka the grade is solely a product of our efforts and knowledge and is not dependent to whether the professor is good at teaching the course.
well, its a factor but with other resources available, I believe that what is taught within these classroom walls is just a cup of water from the bountiful ocean of information available outside.
So no pressure, Sir Carl.
lastly, expectations for my fellow classmates, i hope we all have a fun time ace-ing this course.
By the looks of the introductions, we are off to a good start as nothing comforts a fellow student more than the words "ako din".
we live in a world full of connections, with that in mind i welcome all kinds of interactions from my fellow iskos and iskas within the respectable bounds of course.
I will do my best to contribute meaningfully and hope that 'you' would as well.
so when we all move forward into our paths of life, we all get to say that we had fun and that we learn a lot from everyone.


